#
# applied by: svn propset svn:externals -F ./EXTERNALS.txt .
#

https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.CatalogMemberDataTool/trunk CatalogMemberDataTool 
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.CMFDiffTool/trunk CMFDiffTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.CNXMLDocument/trunk CNXMLDocument
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.CNXMLTraansforms/trunk CNXMLTraansforms
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.ExtZSQL/trunk ExtZSQL
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.FSImportTool/trunk FSImportTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.Lensmaker/trunk Lensmaker
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.LensOrganizer/trunk LensOrganizer
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.LinkMapTool/trunk LinkMapTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.MathEditor/trunk MathEditor
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosBugTrackingTool/trunk RhaptosBugTrackingTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosCacheTool/trunk RhaptosCacheTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosCollaborationTool/trunk RhaptosCollaborationTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosCollection/trunk RhaptosCollection
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosContent/trunk RhaptosContent
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosForums/trunk RhaptosForums
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosHitCountTool/trunk RhaptosHitCountTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosModuleEditor/trunk RhaptosModuleEditor
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosModuleStorage/trunk RhaptosModuleStorage
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosPatchTool/trunk RhaptosPatchTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosPDFLatexTool/trunk RhaptosPDFLatexTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosPrint/trunk RhaptosPrint
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosRepository/trunk RhaptosRepository
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosSimilarityTool/trunk RhaptosSimilarityTool
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosSite/trunk RhaptosSite
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.RhaptosWorkgroup/trunk RhaptosWorkgroup
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.UniFile/trunk UniFile
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.XMLTemplateMaker/trunk XMLTemplateMaker
https://software.cnx.rice.edu/svn/buildout/rhaptos/packages/Products.ZAnnot/trunk ZAnnot

